### Serverless Technology

**Serverless Technology** : Serverless computing is an execution paradigm for cloud computing in which the cloud provider provides machine resources on demand. With serverless, the cloud provider, such as Amazon, manages all of the infrastructure for us, and we no longer have to think about it in terms of actual computers. We don't have to consider, oh, well, we'll need a cloud server spun up for us. We need to be able to log in, configure it, and verify that it is running our code. With serverless, all we have to do is hand over our code to Amazon, Microsoft, or Google. And then say, "Run it whenever a customer requires assistance." That is the supreme abstraction. They address the issue of scaling that. They manage all aspects of having workers available 24 hours a day to repair things that break.

They give us with guarantees, SLAs, and we can rely on them to run our code. All of this is based on Lambda, API Gateway, S3, CloudFront, and a slew of other Amazon technologies, which allows us to focus only on developing our learning management system. We are concentrating our efforts on establishing a school where individuals may come and learn about cloud computing. We are not required to consider: "Has the server's storage space been depleted? Is the database completely populated?" We are not required to employ anybody to manage those servers. Cloud computing's future is serverless computing. Within the next few years, the terms "cloud" and "serverless" will be interchangeable.
